{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 Bradley Bossard\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:bradleybossard@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
bradleybossard@gmail.com
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "resume-of-bradley-bossard.pdf"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
PDF
}}}
 \u160? \u160? \u160? {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "resume-of-bradley-bossard.docx"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
MS Word
}}}
 \par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 Software engineer and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://google.about.com/od/wx/g/xooglers.htm"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
former Googler
}}}
 with 10+ years experience and an emphasis on frontend web development.\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Portfolio\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/in/bradleybossard"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
{\cf1 [image: ./images/linkedin.png]\cf0}
}}}
 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/bradleybossard"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
{\cf1 [image: ./images/github.png]\cf0}
}}}
 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://codepen.io/bradleybossard"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
{\cf1 [image: ./images/codepen.png]\cf0}
}}}
 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://stackoverflow.com/users/story/1754642"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
{\cf1 [image: ./images/stackoverflow.png]\cf0}
}}}
 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://hub.docker.com/u/bradleybossard"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
{\cf1 [image: ./images/docker.png]\cf0}
}}}
 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.codewars.com/users/bradleybossard"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
{\cf1 [image: ./images/codewars.png]\cf0}
}}}
 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://csacademy.com/user/bradleybossard"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
{\cf1 [image: ./images/csacademy.png]\cf0}
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Experience\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Senior Software Engineer - [moovel] - {\i 2017 - Present} }\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 moovel is a subsidiary of Daimler AG (Mercedes Benz) and part of Daimler\u8217's mobility strategy. moovel develops white label mobile ticketing solutions for transit agencies.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Microservice development and architecture\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Senior Software Engineer - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.venuenext.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
VenueNext
}}}
 - {\i 2016 - Present} }\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 VenueNext is a venture-funded startup building a platform for mobile and integrating all the services of a venue (ticketing, food & beverage ordering, loyalty, etc) in a single user experience. As a senior engineer on this remote team, my duties include\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Mobile development on both iOS and Android.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Driving platform development, including API specification, UI design of platform features, and cross-platform feature implementation.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Lead Frontend Developer - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.aniden.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Aniden Interactive
}}}
 - {\i 2012-2016} }\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Aniden is an interactive agency, where I was the lead developer on several frontend web projects utilizing Javascript, and Javascript frameworks and libraries.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://aniden.com/project/yahoo_logo"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Yahoo Doodle
}}}
 - Image spriting / loading / anmiation. Python was used for image pre-processing, pure Javascript for loading and animating the sprite.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://aniden.com/project/race_for_the_stars"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Race For The Stars
}}}
 - Virtual reality game and web-based scoreboard. Technologies used included Unity / Javascript / Angular / Mongo / Express / Node JS.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://finishdrawing.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Finish Drawing
}}}
 - Web app for drawing and navigating drawing gallery. Developed for {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://devpost.com/software/finishdrawing-com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Wacom Inkation
}}}
 hackathon and placed 3rd. Built using Javascript / Angular/ Mongo / Node JS and Wacom WILL library.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://aniden.com/project/bh_timeline"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
History Of Baker Hughes
}}}
 - Interactive tabletop timeline. Built using Javascript / jQuery / HTML5 canvas as a Chrome App.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://aniden.com/project/mobility_touch_experience"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
HP Discover Mobility Experience
}}}
 - Trade show piece. Built with Javascript / Angular as a Chrome App.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://cliphoarder.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Cliphoarder
}}}
 - Internal product, cloud-based clipboard tool. Technologies include Javascript / WinJS / Java Android / Dropbox and Skydrive APIs.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\i Android Kiosk Apps} - Over 20 native Android apps (Java) for HP/Dell devices for retail applications.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\i MPM} - Corporate project management webapp for visualizing project timelines. PHP / MySQL backend, Javascript / jQuery / jQuery UI frontend.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\i Digital Signage} - Multiple 120" touchwall kiosk projects. Technologies used included Flash / Javascript / Angular / HTML5 canvas.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Experience cont.  \u8212-\u8212-\u8212-- \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Software Engineer - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Google
}}}
 - {\i 2007-2012} }\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 While at Google, I have namely worked in digital mapping technologies, and have been involved in\u8230?\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/earth/explore/showcase/3dbuildings.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Google Earth 3D Buildings
}}}
 - Automated creation of 3D buildings using LIDAR and aerial imagery. Written in C++.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/earth/learn/3dbuildings.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Google Builing Maker
}}}
 - Image processing pipeline and server for serving aerial imagery. Written in C++.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\i Wapner} - Django-based internal tool for scoring 3D content. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/patents/US20150143301"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Patent
}}}
 issued for work on this project. Implemented with Django and Javascript.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.google.com/maps/streetview/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Google Street View
}}}
 - Javascript / Flash code for Google Street View and Google Maps. Particular tasks included refactoring embed codebase, and rendering code for 3D overlays in driving directions.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.google.co.in/intl/en/help/maps/streetview/learn/pegman.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Specialty Pegmen
}}}
 - 20% Project. Created 3D modeling and sprite generation pipeline for authoring over 20 Street View \u8220"specialty Pegman\u8221". Technologies involved Python / ImageMagick for image processing and C++ / Javascript additions to Google Maps code base for defining launch regions.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 {\cf1 [image: ./images/pegman.png]\cf0}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.google.com/doodles"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Google Doodle Gallery
}}}
 - Built interactive gallery for viewing Google Doodles.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.google.com/doodles"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Google Doodles
}}}
 - First Google employee to hold title \u8220"Doodle Engineer\u8221". Authored and launched Google Doodles using raw Javascript / HTML / CSS for optimal code. Particular Google Doodles I authored include the following links below\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/doodles/46th-anniversary-of-star-treks-1st-broadcast"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
{\cf1 [image: ./images/startrek.png]\cf0}
}}}
 \u160? {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/doodles/halloween-2011"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
{\cf1 [image: ./images/halloween.png]\cf0}
}}}
 \u160? {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/doodles/art-clokeys-90th-birthday"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
{\cf1 [image: ./images/gumby.png]\cf0}
}}}
 \u160? {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/doodles/total-lunar-eclipse-live-imagery-provided-by-slooh"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
{\cf1 [image: ./images/lunar.png]\cf0}
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Systems Engineer - Urban Scan - {\i 2005 - 2007} }\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Urban Scan was a small start-up focused on developing automated 3D modeling techniques for urban environments. Acquired by Google.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Writing C++ code for real-time acquisition sensor platform composed of cameras, GPS, and laser scanners.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Design and manufacture custom cabling / PCBs / power components.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Evaluation, research and purchasing of all hardware used by the company.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Point of contact for DARPA project integrators, including calls, travel to Washington D.C. and on-site integration.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Side Projects\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Tech Lead / CTO - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://dentalemr.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
DentalEMR
}}}
 - {\i 2015} }\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Cloud-based dental EMR (electronic medical records) webapp. Built using Python Django REST framework / POSTGres / Angular / Gulp. Hosted on AWS.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Architected design and evaluated technology based on requirements.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Refined wireframes.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Interviewed and hired additional team members.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Agile project management and sprint planning.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Led SCRUMM meetings.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Education\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b MSECE, Electrical and Computer Engineering} - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.uiowa.edu/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
University of Iowa
}}}
 - {\i 2001-2003}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b BSEE, Electrical Engineering} - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.uiowa.edu/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
University of Iowa
}}}
 - {\i 1998-2001}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Patents\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/patents/US20150143301"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Evaluating Three-Dimensional Geographical Environments Using A Divided Bounding Area
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Publications\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.nads-sc.uiowa.edu/dscna/2001/Papers/Papelis%20_%20Generation%20of%20Real-Time%20Synthetic%20Environment....pdf"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Generation of Real-Time Synthetic Environment Using a Mobile Sensor Platform
}}}
\par}
}
